README.md, before:

# About

This mod builds upon Croptopia to improve the food experience for Minecraft players.  
It is built using Fabric Loader & API and runs on Minecraft 1.17 _only_.

Utopia has many unique features:
1. Realism (in development):
    - Rot and overdue
    - Food tooltips
    - Patches to cover food from Minecraft, Croptopia and (TBD) Sandwichable
    - Salt and fridges to reduce rot and overdue speeds
    - Custom effects when the food is eaten 
    - Permanent food effects
    - Randomly applied / always applied food effects
2. Furniture (Planned)
3. Building (Planned)
4. Cooking (Planned)
5. Exploration (Planned)
6. Campaign (Future steps for Utopia 2.0)

# Install

The mod hasn't released yet, but the previews/alphas/betas are publicly available on this repo.  
Go to [releases](https://github.com/RedGrapefruit09/Utopia/releases) and click on the top release.  
Download all the pinned JAR files and put them into your ```mods``` folder.  
[Fabric Language Kotlin](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-language-kotlin) and [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api) are bundled inside the main JAR, so you don't have to install them.

# YouTrack

Issues, agile board and knowledge base of this project are managed using [JetBrains YouTrack](https://www.jetbrains.com/youtrack/).  
The YouTrack page is located at [InCloud](https://redgrapefruit.myjetbrains.com/youtrack/issues).  

### How to access

After going to the link, you will see the Issues page. Now you can view issues and create new ones.  
To access the Agile Board (roadmap), you will need to log in your YouTrack account.  
The project's Knowledge Base isn't available yet because it's still work-in-progress.

# Code

The code is written in Java 16 (AdoptOpenJDK 16).  
I try to comment and document the code as much as I can to ensure readability.  
Any refactoring and cleanup suggestions are welcome!

# Contribute

Any contributions (PRs and issues) are welcome.  
All contributors will be **credited** in the mod when pressing the ```/utopia``` command in-game.

Commit message:

Add a note about YouTrack limitations to README

README.md, after:

# About

This mod builds upon Croptopia to improve the food experience for Minecraft players.  
It is built using Fabric Loader & API and runs on Minecraft 1.17 _only_.

Utopia has many unique features:
1. Realism (in development):
    - Rot and overdue
    - Food tooltips
    - Patches to cover food from Minecraft, Croptopia and (TBD) Sandwichable
    - Salt and fridges to reduce rot and overdue speeds
    - Custom effects when the food is eaten 
    - Permanent food effects
    - Randomly applied / always applied food effects
2. Furniture (Planned)
3. Building (Planned)
4. Cooking (Planned)
5. Exploration (Planned)
6. Campaign (Future steps for Utopia 2.0)

# Install

The mod hasn't released yet, but the previews/alphas/betas are publicly available on this repo.  
Go to [releases](https://github.com/RedGrapefruit09/Utopia/releases) and click on the top release.  
Download all the pinned JAR files and put them into your ```mods``` folder.  
[Fabric Language Kotlin](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-language-kotlin) and [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api) are bundled inside the main JAR, so you don't have to install them.

# YouTrack

Issues, agile board and knowledge base of this project are managed using [JetBrains YouTrack](https://www.jetbrains.com/youtrack/).  
The YouTrack page is located at [InCloud](https://redgrapefruit.myjetbrains.com/youtrack/issues).  

### How to access

After going to the link, you will see the Issues page. Now you can view issues and create new ones.  
To access the Agile Board (roadmap), you will need to log in your YouTrack account.  
The project's Knowledge Base isn't available yet because it's still work-in-progress.

### Access limitations

My YouTrack plan is limited to 10 users, so sometimes the YouTrack page is overloaded.

# Code

The code is written in Java 16 (AdoptOpenJDK 16).  
I try to comment and document the code as much as I can to ensure readability.  
Any refactoring and cleanup suggestions are welcome!

# Contribute

Any contributions (PRs and issues) are welcome.  
All contributors will be **credited** in the mod when pressing the ```/utopia``` command in-game.
